#Reading 4, Team C
* [MINTS: A general framework and tool for supporting test-suite minimization](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1555056)

1. *Reading*
  + Hwa-You Hsu and Alessandro Orso. 2009. MINTS: A general framework and tool for supporting test-suite minimization. In Proceedings of the 31st International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE 2009).
2. *Keywords*
  1. **Regression test suite**: a test suite used in regression testing software. Regression testing is done after software has had some changes made to it (new functions, etc) to make sure the software remains accurate and correct.
  2. **Binary ILP problem**: or pseudo-Boolean problems. Binary ILP problems deal with the optimization of a linear function where all unknown variables have values 0 or 1, all while satisfying a set of linear equality/inequality constraints. Used in the paper to represent Test-suite minimization problems.
  3. **Test-suite Minimization**: techniques that eliminate redundant test cases from a test-suite. These techniques use criteria such as coverage and fault-detection capability to detect what tests that can be minimized. MINTS is a test-suite minimization framework that aims to find the optimum solution.
  4. **MINTS**: the test-suite minimization framework presented in the paper. MINTS allows testers to encode a wide range of test-suite minimization problems, handle problems that have any number of criteria, and compute the optimal solution using modern integer linear programming solvers.
3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivation**: Regression test-suites must be maintained for software as the software is changed. The problem is that test suites grow too large and eventually cannot be run as a whole over time. A large test suite can make regression testing impractical, especially when manual work is involved in the testing. MINTS is a framework that aims to minimize test-suites to prevent this problem. MINTS allows for a wide range of these test-suite minimization problems and allows for testers to encode all the constraints they believe relevant to the test cases. MINTS then produces solutions for these test-suite minimization problems that take in the constraints thought relevant by the tester that are optimal to the constraints specified.
  2. **Study instruments**: With respect to an empirical evaluation the authors asked 3 research questions which could also be asked of other test-suite minimization heuristics and tools seeking to compare results and gauge their effectiveness. (1) How often can MINTS find an optimal solution for a test-suite minimization problem in a reasonable time? (2) How does the performance of MINTS compare with the performance of a heuristic approach? (3) To what extent does the use of a specific solver affect the performance of the approach? The authors also used the Siemens suite of programs and test cases that is used as a standard benchmark.
  3. **Related work**: Chavatal presents a greedy heuristic that selects a test case with the most coverage of requirements that still need to be covered, and does this until all requirements are covered. A similar heuristic was offered by Harrold that improved on Chavatal's. Agrawal offered an approach that exploited implications among coverage requirements. Tallam and Gupta combined these approaches into Delay-Greedy. All of these approaches only focus on a single criterion and only give approximate solutions. MINTS extends and generalizes these techniques but also can compute optimal solutions with specified prioritized criteria.
  4. **Future work**: The authors would like to perform additional empirical studies with more subjects to see if the MINTS approach is scalable. The authors would like to collect larger programs that have test cases and test data and then replicate their experiments on these programs. They would also like to analyze their results to get an explanation to why different solvers had different performance. Lastly the authors mentioned extending their approach to test-case prioritization instead of just minimization. They would like to do this because certain ordering of test cases can maximize the likelihood of finding a fault earlier.
4. *Needs improvement*
  1. Some of the tables were not as easy to understand as others. For instance in table 1 no explanation for some of the acronyms used were provided, leaving the reader to have to make a guess at what is meant by the column and it's numbers.
  2. This problem also occurred for visualizations. There was a great overall abstract view of the MINTS approach but no view into the actual tool. Other papers we have seen provide a few screenshots of their tool and it's UI, but the authors did not provide one for MINTS. What do testers see when they specify criteria to MINTS?
  3. CPLEX was ran on a different machine than the other solvers due to the authors not having a license for CPLEX on Linux. How would the results of the other solvers look if they were on the same machine CPLEX was on? How would CPLEX look if it was on the Linux machine?
5. *Connection to other papers*
  1. **Connection to GZoltar**: MINTS was cited by GZoltar as related work. MINTS and GZoltar both work toward test-suite minimization but GZoltar also extends into automatic fault localization using spectrum-based fault localization. Both tools allow for tester specified criteria to be used to minimize the test-suites. MINTS uses an ILP solver for multi-criteria test minimization that GZoltar would like to include in future work.
