#Reading 8, Team C
* [Practitioners' expectations on automated fault localization](http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2931051)

1. *Reading*
  + Pavneet Singh Kochhar, Xin Xia, David Lo, and Shanping Li. 2016.
Practitioners' expectations on automated fault localization. ISSTA 2016 Proceedings of the 25th International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis [165-176].

2. *Keywords*
  1. **Fault Localization**: helps practitioners to find the location of a defect given its symptoms.
  2. **Empirical Study**: a study using empirical evidence which is knowledge acquired by means of the senses (like observation and experimentation).
  3. **Practitioners' Expectations**: Insights gathered in the study about fault localization from 386 practitioners including their views on importance of fault localization and their thresholds and reasons for adopting or not adopting techniques that provide fault localization.
  4. **Trustworthiness**: The measure of a technique that rates it's ability to satisfy a minimum success rate.
  5. **Scalability**: The measure of a technique that rates it's ability to work on programs of multiple sizes from small programs of 1-100 lines of code to large programs of 1-1million LOC.

3. *Notes (4 of 19)*
  1. **Motivational statements**: The authors are investigating if software engineering practitioners appreciate the line of research involving fault localization. They perform an empirical study by surveying 386 practitioners about their expectations of this research as a way to inform what directions that researchers need to put effort to develop fault localization techniques that actually matter to practitioners. If the practitioners do not adopt these new techniques then the research into fault localization does not have a significant impact on the software engineering world.
  2. **Study Instruments**: The survey information is provided in the paper. First the survey collects demographics like whether the person is a professional software engineer, their experience, and their involvement in open source development. This filters respondents to remove any who might not understand the survey or might not be relevant to the survey's subject matter. The survey then gets the practitioner's expectations of fault localization research. The survey defines fault localization and asks the importance of fault localization to their work. The respondents are then asked what would drive their adoption of these fault localization techniques. Criteria such as availability of debugging data, minimum success criteria, minimum success rate, and minimum scalability are rated by the respondent. If a respondent replies they would not adopt a trustworthy technique they are asked why. Finally the survey allows for free-response from the respondent.
  3. **Related work**: Lo et al. had surveyed practitioners at Microsoft on how they perceived the relevance of research published in ICSE and FSE by asking them to rate 40 selected papers by answering about how important that research was. Kochhar et al. instead focus on adoption rather than relevance and specifically about fault localization rather than the entirety of software engineering studies. So the survey the authors present is much more focused than Lo et al.'s work. Perschied et al. studied debugging practice of professional software developers. Instead the authors of the paper asked what practitioners wanted for a future tool in fault localization and their likely adoption of that tool. There were also related empirical studies on fault localization. For instance some performed an empirical study to evaluate Tarantula against other fault localization techniques. Wang et al. looked into the usability of BugLocator and found that it was only useful if bug reports come without rich and identifiable information, otherwise it harmed the developers performance. This paper extends and complemented all of the related studies by analyzing the expectations of the practitioners on the importance of the research in fault localization and their willingness to adopt these techniques, investigating thresholds for that adoption, and found interesting results for many research questions that were not considered before.   
  4. **Future work**: The authors plan to develop fault localization techniques that can bring current research closer to the adoption thresholds set by the respondents of the survey. They also plan to explore questions such as: why practitioners preform some of the coarser granularities? why are more experienced developers less enthused on automated fault localization? and how different are the expectations of open source and professional practitioners.

4. *Needs improvement*
  1. The authors list 'page limitations' as a reason why they could not expand on several different aspects of their work and findings. The additional analysis could be useful so perhaps they could have published the research where page restrictions weren't so strict or directed the reader to where this additional analysis could be found.
  2. The choice of respondents is relatively small (only 386, there are 3.6 million software developers in the US alone). It is possible that the authors results do not hold when the more general population of software developers are asked the same questions about fault localization and its adoption.
  3. One of the implications is that there is a high adoption barrier from practitioners on whether or not they would adopt fault localization techniques. Did the same exist at the beginning of AGILE and the "Cloud"? Does the same exist for ASE and DevOps? If true it is likely researchers should just focus on what is the best way to move computer science and software engineering forward rather than ask those who will eventually be forced to adopt these techniques in the future once they are proven as important improvements in CS and SWE. 

5. *Connection to other papers*
  1. **Connection to GZoltar**: This paper uses GZoltar as an example of an existing fault localization technique that is integrated into an IDE. The authors believe that integrating fault localization techniques into popular IDEs is needed so more systems like GZoltar would be welcomed by the authors of this paper.
